You did it.
You finished the Udacity "Introduction to Self-Driving Car Nanodegree Program."
Congratulations. The commitment and the hard work that you've put forward in
this program have let you take
the first steps towards becoming a self-driving car engineer.
You've really solidified your programming and math skills,
and you've even solved some novel approaches to self-driving car problems.
Now you're ready to take your skills to the next level.
And the next level is standing on this side.
This is David Silva, who runs the advanced "Self-Driving Car Nanodegree
Program" here at Udacity.
By graduating the "Intro to Self-Driving Car
Nanodegree Program," you've shown that you have,
not only the skills,
and most importantly the determination to be successful at Udacity,
you've also earned yourself guaranteed admission to the
Udacity "Self-Driving Car Engineer Nanodegree Program."
Okay, I see you in class.